Added health monitor (#697)
paritytech/polkassembly: health-monitor/README.md

## health-monitor

> Health monitor service for polkassembly. provides single API which check health of all polkassembly components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Health monitor service for Polkassembly. Provides a single API endpoint which checks the health of all Polkassembly components.
```
